Update GraphQL learn pages with IDL support (#5755)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/ballerina-tooling/graphql-client-tool.md

You can also use the `graphql` CLI tool to generate a Ballerina module. For more information, see [Generate multiple modules from a GraphQL config](/learn/graphql-client-tool/#generate-multiple-modules-from-a-graphql-config).

### Generate client using IDL import

> With the non-Ballerina Interface Definition Language(IDL) import support, you can use GraphQL configuration files to generate IDL clients by adding as a top-level declaration in your ballerina code in the following way. The GraphQL config file should be located in the same Ballerina package/module directory which uses the IDL client declaration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the non-Ballerina Interface Definition Language(IDL) import support, you can use GraphQL configuration files to generate IDL clients by adding a top-level declaration in your Ballerina code in the following way. The GraphQL config file should be located in the same Ballerina package/module directory, which uses the IDL client declaration. 
```

> With the non-Ballerina Interface Definition Language(IDL) import support, you can use the GraphQL config file to generate a IDL client by defining it as a top-level import in your ballerina script in the following way. The Graphql config file should be located in the same module/directory where the Ballerina script is located which uses the IDL import. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the non-Ballerina Interface Definition Language(IDL) import support, you can use GraphQL configuration files to generate IDL clients by adding as a top-level declaration in your ballerina code in the following way. The GraphQL config file should be located in the same Ballerina package/module directory which uses the IDL client declaration. 
```

```ballerina
client "./graphql.config.yaml" as foo;
```

> >**Note:** The IDL import is supported only for single client generation configutations. This can not be used for [multiple module generation configutations](/learn/graphql-client-tool/#generate-multiple-clients-from-a-graphql-config). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>**Note:** The GrapQL IDL client declaration is only supported for single client generation configutations. This can not be used for [multiple module generation configutations](/learn/graphql-client-tool/#generate-multiple-clients-from-a-graphql-config). 
```
